China's innovation is thriving at an unprecedented speed. In order to catch up with and surpass developed countries around the world in science and technology as soon as possible, China has dramatically increased its research and development funds in recent years. Universities and research institutes in China are actively doing innovation researches, which cover a of variety of high-tech fields ranging form big data to biochemistry, and from new energy to robots. They are also cooperating with science and technology parks around China to commercialize their fruits of innovation. Meanwhile , Chinese entrepreneurs are also making pioneering efforts to innovate in an attempt to adapt themselves to the ever-changing and growing needs of domestic and overseas consumer markets, be it terms of products or business models.

thrive v. o grow or develop successfully
unprecedented adj. not done or experienced before
surpass v. to be better or greater than (someone or something)
dramatic adj. sudden and extreme
institute n. an organization created for a particular purpose (such as research or education)
variety n. a number or collection of different things or people; the quality or state of having or including many different things
cooperate v. to work together; to be helpful by doing what someone asks or tells you to do
commercialize v. to use (something) as an opportunity to earn money; to make (something) available to customers
entrepreneur n. a person who starts a business and is willing to risk loss in order to make money
pioneering adj. using new and better ideas for the first time
domestic adj. of, relating to, or made in your own country; relating to or involving someone's home or family; relating to the work (such as cooking and cleaning) that is done in a person's home
consumer n. a person who buys goods and services


中国的创新正以空前的速度蓬勃发展。为了尽快赶上并赶超世界发达国家，中国近年来加大了研发投入。中国的大学和研究机构正在积极开展创新研究，这些研究涵盖了从大数据到生物化学，从新能源到机器人等各种高科技领域。他们还与中国各地的科技园区合作，将其创新成果商业化。同时，中国企业家也在创新方面做出了开创性的努力，以适应国内外消费者市场不断变化和增长的需求，无论是产品还是商业模式。

v壮成长
空前的以前没有做过或经历过
胜过（某人或某物）优于或胜过
戏剧性的突然而极端
研究所为特定目的而创建的组织（例如研究或教育）
品种数量或不同事物或人的集合；具有或包含许多不同事物的质量或状态
合作；共同合作通过某人要求或告诉您的事情来提供帮助
商业化诉某人利用（某物）赚钱的机会；向顾客提供（某物）
企业家一个创业并且愿意冒亏损风险赚钱的人
开创性的首次使用新的更好的想法
国内调整属于，关于或在您自己的国家制造的；关于或涉及某人的家庭或家庭；与一个人在家中完成的工作（例如做饭和清洁）有关
消费者购买商品和服务的人
